Fix: Remnant: Astral Job - Cognizance compatabiliy (#5526)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant missions.txt

mission "Remnant: Cognizance 19"
	name "Deliver nav data"
	description "Deliver navigational data on the new systems to <destination>."
	landing
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination
		government "Remnant"

> 	to offer

Reviewer: You may get the same planet as source and destination with this limited of a destination filter

		has "Remnant: Cognizance 18: done"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you finish your landing checks, your comlink notifies you of an incoming message from Dawn:`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`As you finish your landing checks, your commlink notifies you of an incoming message from Dawn:`
```
Is this right? I don't know, actually. Just thought I'd point it out.

> 			`As you finish your landing checks your comlink notifies you that you have an incoming message from Dawn. It promptly displays a short message:`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you finish your landing checks, your comlink notifies you of an incoming message from Dawn:`
```

> 			`	"Greetings, Captain <first>! We will be compiling updated navigational charts for the new systems and would like a copy of the data your nav system recorded. Stop by <planet> and the starport systems will copy the data during the systems check. It's a pretty small data set, so there's no need to use data crystals. Thank you!"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Greetings, Captain <first>! We will be compiling updated navigational charts for the new systems and would like a copy of the data your nav system recorded. Stop by <planet>, and the starport systems will copy the data during the systems check. It's a pretty small data set, so there's no need to use data crystals. Thank you!"`
```

Author: Thanks, fixed!

> 			`	"Greetings, Captain <first>! We are starting to compile updated navigational data for the new systems, and would like a copy of the data your nav system recorded. Stop by <planet> and the starport automated systems will get a copy of the data during the systems check. It is a pretty small data set, so there should be no need to use data crystals. Thank you!"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Greetings, Captain <first>! We will be compiling updated navigational charts for the new systems and would like a copy of the data your nav system recorded. Stop by <planet> and the starport systems will copy the data during the systems check. It's a pretty small data set, so there's no need to use data crystals. Thank you!"`
```

The logical question a player might ask is, "why didn't those starport systems get the data from me when I landed here?", especially since the player may land on any remnant world to trigger this.

			`	The end of the message is the location of a starport on <planet>, presumably where you are supposed to go.`
				accept
	on complete
		payment 100000

> 		dialog `As the starport computer downloads the data, your computer displays a message tacked onto the log file: "Thank you for providing your navigational logs. They will be useful to contrast against those of our scouts. A logistics adjustment of <payment> has been authorized for the <ship>."`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		dialog `As the starport computer downloads the data, your computer displays a message tacked onto the log file: "Thank you for providing your navigational logs. They will be useful to compare with those of our scouts. A logistics adjustment of <payment> has been authorized for the <ship>."`
```
`contrast against` is fine, I just personally prefer `compare with`. Obviously it sounds like those are antonyms, but they essentially mean the same thing: both imply you're looking for similarities and differences in two "objects". I guess `contrast against` prioritizes differences, while `compare with` prioritizes similarities. If you think `contrast against` is more what you're going for, then feel free to resolve. Up to you.

Author: She'd be looking for both, but differences are probably more intriguing to her: What has changed between your first-on-the-scene info vs the subsequent scouts?

	landing
	source
		government "Remnant"
	destination
		government "Remnant"
		distance 1 5
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Cognizance 18: done"
	on offer
		conversation
			`As you finish your landing checks, your comlink notifies you of an incoming message from Dawn:`
			`	"Greetings, Captain <first>! We will be compiling updated navigational charts for the new systems and would like a fresh copy of the data your nav system recorded. We are hoping to retrieve some additional data that is not routinely downloaded by the automated starport systems. Stop by <planet> and the starport systems will copy the data during the systems check. It's a pretty small data set, so there's no need to use data crystals. Thank you!"`
			`	The end of the message is the location of a starport on <planet>, presumably where you are supposed to go.`
				accept
	on complete
		payment 100000
		dialog `As the starport computer downloads the data, your computer displays a message tacked onto the log file: "Thank you for providing your navigational logs. They will be useful to contrast against those of our scouts. A logistics adjustment of <payment> has been authorized for the <ship>."`

> 		event "remnant: cognizance 1 systems available"

Reviewer 3: Stick this above the dialog.

Author: Fixed. Thanks!

	repeat
	waypoint
		not attributes "pleiades"

> 		not attributes ""inaccessible""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		not attributes "inaccessible"
```

	to offer
		has "Remnant: Expanded Horizons Astral 2: done"

> 		not "Remnant: Cognizance 18: done"

Reviewer: Still needed?
